Notice: 
To let the Carvera work perfectly, please make sure both your controller software and firmware are up to date. For firmware, download the new firmware first, then use the 'update' function to upgrade the firmware, and reset the machine after the update is complete.

[1.0.4]
1.​​Bug Fix​​: Fixed an issue where a line in G-code containing a line number (N) but no G-command would be ignored.
2.​​Bug Fix​​: Resolved an issue where the hotspot subnet might overlap with the router subnet.
3.​​Bug Fix​​: Corrected the Shrink Acommand, changing it from compressing machine coordinates to compressing work coordinates.
4.​​Optimization​​: Improved firmware-Controller communication for more reliable file transfers.
5.​​Optimization​​: Paused the lid detection alarm function during tool changes on the ​​Carvera Air​​.
6.​​Optimization​​: Optimized the path movement to the work origin before machining to prevent collisions with the workpiece or fixture.
7.​​Optimization​​: Updated the Wi-Fi driver.

[1.0.3]
1. Bug fixing: When the distance between the start and end points of an arc is less than 0.00025, the actual machining process results in a full circle instead of the intended arc.
2. Bug fixing: Resolved the issue where Carvera AIR triggers a manual alarm when the tool number exceeds 255.
3. Bug fixing: Addressed the issue where the Carvera AIR's lighting does not turn off during sleep mode.
4. Optimizing: Enhanced the check_4th command.
5. Optimizing: Improved the return path for Z-probe detection when configuring the hd 4th axis on Carvera.
6. Optimizing: Added a prompt that appears when performing tool calibration, tool change, or Z-probe if the machine has not been homed: "Machine has not been homed, Please home first!"

[1.0.2]
1. Carvera Support  the new 4th Axis Module (Harmonic Drive Version).
2. Bug fixing: Fix the command to query the MAC address of the machine.
3. Optimizing: Improve the stability of file transfer and reduce the problem of machine movement when uploading files abnormally.
4. Optimizing:Change external output to hardware PWM mode.
5. Optimizing:The command to query diagnostic information has been changed from the character '*' to 'diagnose'
6. Bug fixing: Fix the issue of incorrect 4-axis rotation angle in Inch mode

**NOTE: To ensure the compatibility of firmware and controller, it is recommended to upgrade both firmware and Controller.**

[1.0.1]
1. Bug fixing:The issue of the machine not responding to Controller commands or main buttons after the motor alarm
2. Bug fixing: if the atc tool change operation laser detects a tool in the atc when there shouldn't be, or doesn't detect a tool when there should be it prints the same message to the MDI.
3. Optimizing: Add data feedback on tabletop exploration ： 'Max deviation between high and low'
4. Optimizing:when the feed rates in Gcode are not greater than zero, then will print Alarm info to the MDI
5. Optimizing: Add motor alarm detection during machin

[1.0.0]
1. Optimizing: Add data feedback on tabletop exploration ： 'Max deviation between high and low'
2. Optimizing: Add motor alarm detection during machine home operation

[0.9.9]
Firmware compatible with Carvera and Carvera Air

[0.9.8]
1. Optimizing: Improve file transfer speed
2. Optimizing:  wifi Library file upgrade
3. Optimizing: Optimize the file system operation module to improve file read and write speed
4. Optimizing: File transfer adopts compressed file format
5. Optimizing:Improve the stability and reliability of the connection between the machine and the controller
6. Bug fixing:False alarm of soft limit when the machine is powered on
7. Bug fixing:False alarm of hard limit during machine operation
8. Bug fixing: Fix BUG where G0G90/G0G91/G1G90/G1G91 code does not execute
9. Bug fixing: Fixed the bug where the spindle speed occasionally displayed as 0 during the machining process
10. Optimizing:Add the function of "If the probe or tool setter has been triggered before tool calibration, an alarm window will pop up"
11. Optimizing:Add Main Button long press function selection in the configuration page。
12. Optimizing:Modify the automatic dust collection function to be disabled by default, and you can choose whether to enable automatic dust collection on the "Configure and Run" page

[0.9.7]
Bug Fixing: The laser clustering setting function has been withdrawn due to its potential to cause random crashes. (We will reintroduce this feature once we have resolved the issue and conducted a full test.)

[0.9.6]
1、Bug fixing：4th axis position is not accurate after large-angle continuous rotation.
2、Bug fixing：4th axis rotation direction is reversed, should follow the right-hand rule (Please check if you manually changed the post processor for the previous false, need to restore that after the upgrade).
3、Bug fixing： Moving wrongly after pause/resume in arc processing.
4、Bug Fixing： The first tool sometimes does not appear in the preview UI panel.
5、Bug Fixing： Incomplete display of the UI in the Android version.
6、Bug Fixing： The Android version cannot access local files.
7、Bug Fixing: Added a laser clustering setting to optimize laser offset issues when engraving at high resolution, particularly with Lightburn software. Note: This feature was withdrawn in version 0.9.7 due to its potential to cause random crashes.
8、Optimizing: Auto leveling, restricting the Z Probe to the 0,0 position from path origin, to ensure leveling accuracy.
9、Optimizing: The software limit switch can now be configured to be on or off, and the limit travel distance can be set.
10、Optimizing: XYZ Probe UI integrated into the Work Origin settings.
11、Optimizing: Adding support for multiple languages (now support English and Chinese).
12、Optimizing: Adding a display for the processing time of the previous task.
13、Optimizing: Input fields in the controller can now be switched with the Tab key.
14、Optimizing: Adding a width-changing feature for the MDI window in the controller.
15、Optimizing: Auto Leveling results can be visually observed on the Z-axis dropdown and a clearing function is provided.
16、Optimizing: Holding the main button for more than 3 seconds allows automatic repetition of the previous task, facilitating the repetitive execution of tasks.

[0.9.5]
Optimized the WiFi connection file transfer speed and stability.
Added software limit functions to reduce machine resets caused by the false triggering of limit switches.

[0.9.4]
Added the 'goto' function for resuming a job from a certain line.
Added the WiFi Access Point password setting and enable/disable function.

See the usage at: https://github.com/MakeraInc/CarveraFirmware/releases/tag/v0.9.4

[0.9.3]
Fixed the WiFi special character bug.
Fixed the identical WiFi SSID display problem.
Fixed the WiFi connectivity unstable problem.
Fixed the spindle stop earlier issue when doing a tool change.

[0.9.2]
Initial version.

[0.9.1]
Beta version.
